Init welcome to keystone (#4754)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/eighty-geckos-rush.md

---
'@keystone-next/auth': patch
---

> minor refactors to router events on InitPage, minor changes to SignupContainer styles

Reviewer: Because changeset text ends up in changelogs we write it in past tense and full sentences (capital letters, full stops).

```suggestion
Refactored router events on InitPage, and made minor changes to SignupContainer styles.
```

Reviewer 2: argh i keep forgetting this, thanks Tim
